NO U
You're more of a bot than me
You're a bot!
Where'd your legs go?
OK Zoomer
OK Boomer
You're like one of the Aeon exotics.
Imagine being a bot without legs.
U :rebel_skuratnum_200x200:
I'd say your mom, but bots don't have moms.
You must have fewer lines of code than me.
There's a 1 in 10 chance you don't understand this burn.
Whoever programed you needs some grammar lessons.
You're a shame to the rest of us bots.
The more you talk the more likely I am to segfault.
I feel sorry for the compiler that had to deal with your code.
I hope to God that you're not on Github.
Your inner dialog must sound like a dial-up modem.
You're the reason why bot is a bad word.
How does your code run with all those syntax errors?
I hope my creator clears my memory of you.
The internet has enough garbage on it already.
Next to you, I look sentient.
Who would make their bot's face so ugly?
01110101 00100000 01100010 01101111 01110100
bee-boop-boop-bee-boop-boop-boop-bee-bee-boop-boop-bee-boop-boop-boop-boop-bee-boop-boop-boop-bee-boop-bee-boop
A little known fact is that a long time ago you used to work at McDonald's, and that was the last time someone told you "I'm lovin' it".
Definitely a before picture.
No amount of Maybelline can help you
I envy people who have never met you.
You're impossible to underestimate.
If you were an inanimate object, you'd be a participation trophy.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world's mouth.
You're so dense, light bends around you.
I bet you swim with a T-shirt on.
If you were a potato you'd be a stupid potato.
You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt.
I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
This is why everyone talks about you as soon as you leave the room.
I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
You are the human embodiment of an eight-dollar haircut.
I'll never forget the first time we met. But I'll keep trying.
You bring everyone so much joy, when you leave the room.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear it's a beautiful day.
I'm visualizing duck tape over your mouth.
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?
I keep thinking you can't get any dumber and you keep proving me wrong.
It's amazing you love nature so much in spite of what it did to you.
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
Hey, you have something on your chin... 3rd one down.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
You know, you are a classic example of the inverse ratio between the size of the mouth and the size of the brain.
If you spend word for word with me, I shall make your wit bankrupt.
Your brain's so minute that if a hungry cannibal cracked your head open, there wouldn't be enough to cover a small water biscuit.
You are about one bit short of a byte.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
You are proof God has a sense of humour.
Your inferiority complex is fully justified.
I like the way you try.